BDAPAudioPlayerController and BDAPAudioPlayer
==============================================

This project demonstrates the use of the BDAPAudioPlayer and BDAPAudioPlayerController.  The BDAPAudioPlayer is a subclass that adds fading functionality the Apple's AVAudioPlayer.  The fading coding is developed from [Peter Goodliffe's example](http://goodliffe.blogspot.com/2011/04/ios-fading-avaudioplayer.html).

The BDAPAudioPlayerController is a programatic interface to the BDAPAudioPlayer which acts as the AVAudioPlayer's delegate and allows you to manage a playlist of audio tracks.

The sample project contains a simple subclass of a UIViewController that has a few track playing UIButtons which demonstrate the functionality.  Usage is simple, add BDAPAudioPlayerController.h to your project.  Then  alloc/init with a URL or an NSArray of URL's to some audio tracks.  It's as simple as this:

    - (IBAction)play:(id)sender {
        [self.audioPlayerController play];
    }
    -(BDAPAudioPlayerController *)audioPlayerController{
        if (audioPlayerController_) {
            return audioPlayerController_;
        }
    
        NSArray *musicURLs=[NSArray arrayWithObjects:[[NSBundle mainBundle] URLForResource:@"02 BU2B" withExtension:@"m4a"],[[NSBundle mainBundle] URLForResource:@"01 Paper Airplane" withExtension:@"m4a"],nil];
        audioPlayerController_=[[BDAPAudioPlayerController alloc] initWithURLs:musicURLs];
    
        return audioPlayerController_;
    }
    

History
-------
### Version 1

First Release


License
-------

The below license is the new BSD license with the OSI recommended personalizations.
 <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php>
 
 Copyright (C) 2012 Big Diggy SW. All Rights Reserved.
 
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
 met:
 
 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
 this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
 * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 
 * Neither the name of Tim Taylor nor Big Diggy SW 
 may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 without specific prior written permission.
 
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY Big Diggy SW "AS IS" AND ANY
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
 CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
 EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
 PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
 PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
 NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
 SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



    